Offer title: Regular Data Engineer
Company: Luxoft
Experience: Mid/Regular
Employment time: full-time
contract type: Employment contract
location: Wroclaw
What you will do:
Luxoft is one of the major software services companies world-wide. We deliver professional software services in multiple business verticals such as finance, automotive, and digital transformation. Supporting large vehicle manufacturers in the area of development, production and aftersales is Luxoft's ambition.

The software inside a vehicle was traditionally expected to be a very controlled and self-contained environment. Equipping cars with perception and machine intelligence changes a lot in the overall picture of the vehicle manufacturer. Luxoft's goal is to empower our customers with deep domain knowledge and smart solutions, to develop cars of the future. Great mechanical engineering is not the only criteria anymore for delivering the best cars in the world. Using state of the art software technologies are key to provide the requested user experience.

Our engineering team is looking for a Regular Data Engineer to complete the team of Data Specialists that will deal with and analyze a big amount of data coming from the cluster in order to solve problems related to Autonomous Driving scenarios

Join our team of enthusiastic and experienced people to become a part of software development process for an entire driver assistance area of future vehicles of a renowned German automotive manufacturer. You will get an amazing opportunity to participate in the development of challenging features that will be used on a daily basis by millions of drivers once the next generation of vehicles hits the roads starting 2025.

The person will be part of a team of Data Engineers with the goal to create the logic to extract data from a big cluster and create the KPI visualization of Autonomous Driving tools

The KPI will be then validated and discussed with relative stakeholders in order to solve practical Autonomous Driving problems

What we expect:
MUST

    Academic degree in computer science, mechatronics, electronic engineering, telecommunication engineering or similar qualification, PhD welcome
    Python experience of 1-2 years
    PySpark knowledge
    Analytic and structured mindset and working model
    Strong communication skills in English

NICE TO HAVE

    Experience in AWS as data cluster
    JIRA and Atlassian tools
    Quicksight representation
