Offer title: Python Developer;
Company: VML Enterprise Solutions Sp. z o.o.;
Salary: 12 000–16 800 zł net (+ VAT) / mth.;
Contract: B2B, full-time;
Location: remote, Poznań, Greater Poland;
Experience: mid;
expected technologies: Python, PostgreSQL, Oracle;
optional technologies: Google Cloud Platform, Kubernetes;

About the project
Python Developer needed to join our team here at VML Enterprise Solutions.

Your responsibilities
The vision of the WPP Open Platform is to create a common development and architecture framework, with supporting infrastructure, for the development of digital products across WPP. The platform will provide the single point for access to world class technology and data for our agencies; allowing them to build and scale products and applications, then share them across the business, improving visibility and collaboration. With Open, we expect to address our client needs faster and reduce the time to market for new capability.
We are looking for a highly skilled and motivated Python Developer to join our team. The ideal candidate will have a background in web development using Python and related frameworks. You will be responsible for designing, implementing, and maintaining web applications that meet the needs of our clients. You will join a collaborative team with a focus on engineering best practice and continuous improvement and will have lots of business exposure, enabling you to see the results of your work. You will have excellent knowledge of the DevOps process and can work with large and complex codebases to ensure our product is leading edge.

Our requirements

Python development experience with a focus on web applications/services
Strong knowledge of Python 3.x and either FastAPI/Flask framework
Hands-on experience with RDBMS (Postgres, Oracle or others) and ORM
Write clean, maintainable, and well-documented code following best practices and
industry standards
Experience developing API microservices
Significant experience of working with Agile methodologies
Good problem-solving skills

    You will collaborate with our UK project team, so we’ll need you to be available until 18:00 PL time.

    Optional

GCP or any other Cloud experience

    Kubernetes experience

This is how we organize our work

This is how we work
agilescrum

Please note that this job is a full-time position located in Poland, but the selection process will be conducted in English.
Please send over your CV in English.

Development opportunities we offer

substantive support from technological leaders
support of IT events

    technical knowledge exchange within the company

What we offer

Salary depending on presented skills: 12 000 - 16 800 PLN /month (B2B contract)
Fully remote job as well as possibility to visit our offices in Poznań, Katowice and Bydgoszcz
Work equipment with delivery to your door

    Opportunity to work with some of the most exciting brands around the world

Benefits

remote work opportunities
flexible working time
fruits
corporate library
no dress code
video games at work
coffee / tea
drinks
parking space for employees
leisure zone